# Trapezoidal-Rule-With-Pipes
Use pipes to communicate between processes. CSC 460 - Operating Systems homework 4

  Write a well-documented C++ program that will use the trapezoidal rule with n, n > 0, sub-intervals, and m, 0 < m <= 8, child processes to compute the integral of f(x)=(x^2)+2x+4 for the interval [left, right].  Assume that left, right are integers.  The value of left, right, n and m should be passed in through command line parameters.  For any invalid parameter cases, such as right < left or m is out of the specified range, etc., the program displays an appropriate error message and terminates, otherwise, the master process spawns s=min(n, m) of non-duplicated child processes to calculate the trapezoids.  

There is one pipe that all children share to send the results back to the master, and s pipes that the master uses to assign a trapezoid to each child.  Initially, the master assigns the ith, 1 <= i <= s, trapezoid to the ith child.  Whenever the master receives a result from a child, it should assign another trapezoid to that child if there are any trapezoids to be calculated, or sends a “terminate” signal if there are no more trapezoids to be calculated.  (Note: Since the children may not finish the computations in the same order they received the trapezoids, the master assigns a task to whichever child who is ready for the next task, not necessarily in the order of child1, child2, ..., childs, except for only the first round.  In other words, each child may have calculated for different numbers of trapezoids at the end.)  The master should also keep track of how many trapezoids computed by each child.  When the master sums up all the sub-areas from the children, it should display the final answer for the integral and the number of the trapezoids computed by each child on the screen in an informative and easy-to-understand manner).  

When a child receives data for a trapezoid from the master, it calculates the sub-area, sends the master the result, and is ready for another trapezoid.  When a child receives a “terminate” signal from the master, it should terminate itself right way (i.e. it should not wait for any other children to finish their computation).  

The program must be implemented with multiple source files.  
